Well, good evening, family.
Thank you for joining us again today.
I'll try to keep it shorter than I did last night.
At the end, the Holy Spirit wasn't done.
He wanted to minister to the hearts and then he wanted to show us that which is to come.
And for an hour after I would normally close, we went on for almost three hours last night.
So tonight, I'll try to keep it shorter because there's a lot of you saying, 'Brandon, I can't spend three hours a day on this.
I've got a job.
' I understand.
We'll give you the highlights so that you can pray when you want, but I have to flow with the Holy Spirit to pull out of the river.
You don't just walk up to the spiritual microwave and go, 'Oh, this is what I want and God give it to me.
' It takes cultivation.
Most people—I would say 99% of people, and I don't mean this disrespectfully—will never get there by the microwave.
It's development.
And as you develop, you get in the river.
It's taken me a long time.
We give all glory to God; it has nothing to do with us.
But I want you to understand, seeing and doing what we do is a lot of work in the natural to your flesh.
When you are praying and you crucify your flesh every day, it's something you develop.
It's like a photo.
It's not a Snapchat or whatever; it's development.
It's not an instant download, a floppy file, or whatever.
I don't know anymore.
All right, let's go.
Well, okay, let's go over some of the things the Lord showed us.
Holy Spirit, we just welcome you in this broadcast.
We're so thankful for Diana to be here with us tonight.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for this prayer time that we jump right in the river, uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
Lord, we thank you that we are always yielded and controlled by the Holy Spirit.
Lord, we're so grateful.
If you want to show us things, fine.
If not, Father, we're just here to love on you.
And we give you this time of our night just to give you all the praise and glory because of how awesome you truly are.
What a mighty God we serve.
Yesterday, like I said, the last half was pretty wow.
I went over a lot of what he showed us.
I told Dino we went over it and talked about the things the Lord showed us about the web.
So, do you have things to show us real quick before I get into that part?
Are you not ready?
I was getting this; you've got a leak and if it isn't gone or whatever, you have that.
Okay, let's talk about this.
Perry Stone today came out and asked for prayer concerning his health and he had a video.
I want to go back to August 22nd of 2025.
The Lord gave us a word concerning Perry Stone.
Even in the word that he gave me, we'll go over it.
Braden, do you have that ready?
I thought I was trying to get ready, but we can do it.
It's just going to be a raw video.
I was trying to make it more...
well, I know, but I was talking about the one...
you can play whatever you want.
You can play it.
I mean, do you want me to talk about what happened, what he asked for?
So, February of this year, he said that he had things going on with his heart in the video.
Is that correct?
He had to have open-heart surgery or some kind of a stent put in because the valve next to his widow-maker was 80% clogged.
He went in and they put him on all this new medication, from what I understand in the video that he gave, and he said that it's made him feel really sick, anemic, and there's things that are going on with his flesh.
Now, you can go watch his video on his channel.
It's not me gossiping; I don't know him.
It's what he said publicly.
But we go back to what the Lord said to us.
He has spoken to us so many times about Perry Stone and other elders, that God is not finished with them yet.
God is going to heal specifically the heart.
If you remember what the Lord said, he said, 'I'm going to...
there's a glory coming on these elder men that will give them like Roto-Rooters.
' Do you remember I keep calling it a Roto-Rooter over the veins?
Now, I'm very sensitive to what I'm trying to tell you because it's nobody's business what people are going through and I don't know it.
When I'm calling this out by the spirit of God, you don't want to go, 'Well, I'm trying to embarrass anybody.
' I'm just praying, but I'm saying this to intercede for their health, intercede for the blood flow of their feet, the blood flow of their bodies, that they would live long and finish strong.
The Lord said, 'I'm going to use him in Tennessee in these days ahead.
' And there will be a young man come up beside him and help him out is what I saw.
I told you on the broadcast last year, and I keep praying over Perry Stone.
I keep praying over him, over John, over Mike Lindell, over President Trump—praying over these leaders that are not young anymore, but they're not old.
They're getting up in age, but they're not like I would go, 'Oh, you're pushing death's doorstep.
' But they still need help.
We've got to get them on the other side.
That just tells you how close we are to this revival as we see these elders that are pushing their 60s and 70s, some of them maybe 80s, I don't know.
And the Lord's saying, 'I want them to be sustained.
They have work still.
' But as Moses' body and his eyes did not grow dim, I will sustain them with the same glory that I sustained Moses.
And that was concerning my friend Billy, all these people.
And the Lord said, 'I need these older men because they've lived it.
' And that's whenever I saw: be patient with the younger generation because there's a lot of people that have no idea what they're doing, like me, that are trying really hard.
They just say, 'Hey, I need a little bit of elder guidance that has been along the road.
' And I said, 'I'm easily correctable.
' That's why I always told Sister Billy, 'If you feel like I'm off, just walk up and just say, Brandon, shake me.
You're off.
' Because these elders know.
Billy Burke, Billy Brim—you've got these people that have dedicated their lives to the gospel and been in ministry for 50, 60 years and they're still going strong.
Same when I talked to Sid; he's been in ministry.
I said, 'How did you go through all these years of ministry?
' Clear back when Sister Kuhlman was there, and he talks about how he's been in ministry for so long and he's an elder.
I mean, he's in his 80s.
Sid Roth, he's getting old.
Sorry, no disrespect, Sid, but I'm just saying they're getting older.
So, it's interesting.
The Lord is wanting to sustain these elders.
Now, I want you to hear what I prophesied when I was telling you.
Do you have it ready?
The younger one beside him.
He said that here.
Yeah.
Go ahead.
You can play that.
Play these words that the Lord gave concerning Perry Stone.
Now, he gave that word today asking for prayer.
So, we're going to go immediately; we're going to pray for him.
We're going to intercede and we're going to pray for his heart.
He asked for prayer.
He made it public.
What we saw in the spirit concerning his flesh is now in the natural.
And I'm telling you, God's not done with this man.
He said He wants to sustain his heart.
He's going to do this, and we're going to pray for a Roto-Rooter over his heart and anything else they may see.
I probably think the doctor got it all now, but even that, to give him strength in his bones and strength in his flesh for this anemic medicine.
What's causing this?
To give him strength and iron, or whatever he needs to get back on his feet strong, and that he lives long and finishes strong.
We need these people: Rick Renner, people that know the Bible and know the Greek.
Someone said in one video that Perry said he read the Bible through I don't know how many hundreds of times.
A lot.
Yeah.
And you don't want that kind of stuff to go.
We've got to have those people.
All right.
Go ahead.
Show what the Lord said.
And when was this?
This one was November.
You said this was November when it was really strong on my heart.
Yeah.
Okay.
But you saw it, and then he had the open heart surgery.
Didn't know it in February.
Yeah.
Okay.
This is November now.
Play this praying over his heart.
How are people even going to walk?
They won't.
They'll crawl out of bars.
They're going to crawl out of places, and it will radiate from these spots.
They're glory spots.
One will be in Tennessee.
I see Perry.
Cleveland.
Where is that?
It's down there.
It's right on the border.
I'm talking—there's going to be a glory—I see a glory spot right there.
It's where Harvest Church is, where Billy goes.
There's a glory spot there, and there will be one down at the Church of His Presence with Pastor John Kilpatrick.
They're glory spots again.
He says, 'I'm going to do a great thing in them.
' Look at this.
I see John Kilpatrick.
I see Perry.
I see it will be at John Kilpatrick's church.
I see the glory on John Kilpatrick again.
There are things that He's working out in him.
He's stirring up revival back in him.
I see a cultivation happening in Pastor John.
There's a—you know, like whenever you take whipping cream and you're whipping it—there's a whipping inside of him.
He's stirring up inside of him again, and it's a cultivation inside of Pastor John Kilpatrick like a stirring, like a whipping cream when you have a big bowl, but it's inside of him.
He said He's cranking it.
You know when you see those old Model T Fords where you have to crank it to start it again?
There's a starting up inside of him again, a fanning of the flame.
But his youth is renewed like the eagle's, and I'm going to give him a fountain of youth to finish the race.
That's what the Holy Ghost said: 'I'm going to finish what I start in him.
And I'm going to stir and stir a new revival.
' Yeah, I think Perry was at the beginning maybe, but that was about John.
But it will spread, even the same with Perry.
There'll be things He's dealing with these men, but it will spread.
I see this: Perry will become like this, and there's another person rising up beside him that's a lot younger, because it's going to happen so much with 24 hours a day, seven days a week.
It won't just be one person.
There's going to be another one.
But the Lord is going to, for whatever reason, for down here in Daphne, He's going to use him primarily all the time.
John will be there all the time.
Sometimes he'll be sitting on the platform—I can see him sitting down on the platform—and he'll just sit back, and the glory will be in the service.
The weight of the presence—there's some laughing, some crying, some weeping before the Lord—but there's a glorious presence and there's nobody moving in this place.
He's just sitting there.
You don't even have to say anything.
The glory just sat there.
The glory came.
I just saw it again, and I remember it.
And he'll show up in California, and there will be a great Red Wave, a great move of My presence in California.
But this is just showing you the Lord's been telling us to pray for Perry.
And then when he went public today asking for prayer, I'm trying to tell you the Lord's had this man on my heart.
And like I said, even this one is right here.
I laugh about what I said because I don't know him and still don't.
But look, and I thought, isn't this interesting how it all is coming to a head right now?
This coincidence—the funnest days of our life for the greatest harvest of souls this world has ever seen.
When it comes down to praying for Perry Stone's church, when he brought all that up, because I don't even know Perry Stone.
I don't even know if Perry Stone likes me.
All I know is that the Lord said to pray for the men.
Maybe they don't like me and the Lord wants me to pray for them.
I don't know.
I just know the Lord said pray for him.
Pray for revival.
Pray for John Kilpatrick.
Pray for these people because they're going to be pillars in the end-time army.
I'm strategic for what the Lord has called me because I walk in a prophetic way.
But here's more.
Play that one, but it's just what's been on my heart.
We don't have to play anymore; it gets the point across.
We've been praying for him.
I see a fresh wind on John Kilpatrick, a fresh wind on Perry and his wife.
And there's youth coming up beside them.
They'll take the baton and they'll run with this.
The facilities are there for a great revival.
And I see Jentezen Franklin's face now.
I see Jentezen Franklin.
And these will be hot spots.
They have been cultivated through prayer.
Great revival.
I see 24 hours a day, seven days a week revival in these places.
I'm seeing great revival.
And the only thing I was thinking is: how did I pray like that?
The only thing to get in the way of this is flesh trying to control it.
When was this?
August.
So we've been praying for a while.
It's August 12th.
We've been praying for Perry Stone.
So Father, we just thank You for Perry Stone.
We pray for these elder men.
We call the Roto-Rooter through their veins.
Once again, we plead the blood of Jesus over them.
They asked for prayer for their health.
We thank You, Lord, right now in the name of Jesus.
Healing is flowing in his body right now, from the top of his head to the soles of his feet.
We pray over Perry Stone, over his veins, over his mind, that his thinking will not grow dim, that he'll have the mind of Christ, Father, and that he'll finish strong the race that You have for him.
I pray over his blood.
I call the iron in his blood levels to be normal in the name of Jesus.
We take authority over being anemic.
We say in the name of Jesus, Satan, let him go.
Every plot, every plan against his health in the name of Jesus.
I even hear this: even the seeds that he has sowed whenever he knew to eat right, we repent.
We repent over not eating right and taking care of our flesh in the past.
Father, I thank you, Lord; we call crop failure in the name of Jesus concerning bad foods that we've put in our body.
Father, I'm asking for grace.
I thank you, Father, for grace.
Father, I pray that he'll turn it around and get a cook or whatever he needs to fix his food better.
Lord, I pray over his health that he would live on.
I thank you, Lord, that he is healed of diabetes.
We pray over his stomach, Father, that his blood pressure and his diabetic conditions would be healed; he said Dr.
Colbert said he needed to lose 40 lbs.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for supernatural weight loss and diligence to get it off.
I thank you, Lord, that you're helping Perry Stone right now, that you give him strength in his bones, that he will live long and finish what you've called him to do; it's not time for him to go yet.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that every tongue that rises against him—the stress of the ministry—he has peace.
We call peace over him, his marriage, his wife Pam, his grandkids, and his children.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that there's healing.
Is it the healing balm of Gilead?
Healing balm flows through his body and over John Kilpatrick, over his veins, his feet, his body, and his heart.
Father, we thank you, Lord, for a Roto-Rooter going all throughout him cleaning him up, even over my friend Billy Burke, over Billy Brim, and all of them.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that healing flows on the inside of them so they will have the strength to keep carrying on.
Father, they will look back even in the next couple of days and say, 'I feel different.
' This won't be a long, drawn-out process; Father, it will happen quickly and they'll see the results quickly in the name of Jesus.
Over what the cankerworm is trying to do to kill, steal, and destroy, we thank you, Lord, that healing is flowing over them.
We believe, Father, for the elder generals to stay and be able to teach the younger people the word.
I thank you, Lord, that you're bringing up people there to help them.
There are prayer warriors around them, and you're bringing up younger generations—the young Davids—to come up beside them, to humble themselves and learn from their elders.
Father, I thank you that the elders will have patience with the young people, for they were once young too.
Holy Spirit, flow through them, and we give you praise and glory.
We thank you, Lord, for financial stability and blessing in the ministries of every single one of these people.
We thank you, Lord, that their minds do not get dementia, Alzheimer's, strokes, or any kind of blood clots.
We come against blood clots right there.
It's about the blood flow.
I see it again: the red blood cells being lined up.
It's the hematocrit, the thickening of the blood.
And that's even concerning their wives today.
I pray over her right now; I see her face.
No cancers.
We take authority over cancer—breast cancers, ovarian cancers, and any kind of cancers of the body.
We take authority over prostate cancer.
We call healing and wholeness over the veins in the neck and for all the hormones to line up in the name of Jesus.
Long life.
Let this be an extension of time.
More time.
I see 88.
Even with the colon, we pray over all of them.
The colon is strong.
We pray for the elders to be healed, whole, and well.
Their bowels move like they're supposed to.
Over the liver functioning, when they go back to the doctor next time, they're going to have great results.
We push this through and we petition you, oh Father, and we thank you, Lord, that it's coming to pass at last.
The healing is flowing through their body and they're going to start to feel great.
They'll have a good night's sleep tonight.
Father, I thank you that as they rest tonight, their flesh is renewed.
What would be one night of sleep, let them feel like they got two.
It'll feel like that kind of rejuvenation.
Angels of the Lord, manifest and minister to them in the name of Jesus.
You ministered to Elijah; now, Father, I thank you that you're going to minister to them, too.
I receive healing for me, too.
Do you all see it for yourselves?
All right.
Let's go on.
Do you have anything else, son?
Anything else from President Trump today?
Oh, yeah, we want to talk about the ark.
This is really cool.
Remember, we saw artifacts being found in the ground.
I said great discoveries are about to take place and it's going to be all over the news concerning biblical things.
I saw them excavating biblical things.
When they do, they will find tablets.
They're going to find biblical tablets.
I saw a rod that looked like a stick in a tomb.
It was in a cement structure being preserved, and they will bring it out and there will be shock and awe around the world.
A lot of people say, 'Brandon, what you're seeing is the Ark of the Covenant.
' I don't know what it was, but I saw artifacts that would date back to the Bible.
It would be a shock and awe to the world when they start to explore this, and Muslim populations would be upset.
Now listen to this; this came out today: 'American researchers working in the high mountains of Turkey have uncovered what appear to be hidden tunnels similar to the descriptions of the biblical account of Noah's Ark.
Our next guest says his newly found evidence can prove that Noah's Ark did in fact exist, turning this biblical mystery into a reality.
Joining us now from Turkey is Andrew Jones from Noah's Ark Scans.
Andrew, thank you for joining us and for the work you're doing.
' 'Thank you for having me.
Greetings from the mountains of Ararat where the Bible says the ark landed.
I'm about one mile from the Iranian border.
In this remote area, this boat formation was discovered in 1959.
Our new research has shown that there are tunnels about four meters down and two meters high going down the center of the boat and on the inside edge of the hull shape.
We believe that this layout, showing tunnels and possible support beams and walls, suggests that it's a man-made object and not just a natural formation.
' Many geologists disagree with that.
They say, "Look, this is just a natural formation.
" But gosh, Andrew, when I look at that, it doesn't look very natural to me.
What's your response to those geologists?
First of all, you have to explain how an earthen formation got into the shape of a ship.
It is exactly 300 cubits long, which is the length given in the book of Genesis in the Bible.
So, we have the exact length, the ship shape, and we're in the right location.
Now we're also seeing that the soil inside is different from right outside the formation.
We have three times more organic matter found inside versus right outside.
So it's a distinct object and not just part of the mountain side.
Can you take your work underground and explore some of these tunnels to get a definitive answer?
That is the next goal, and we're really hoping that the Turkish universities will be able to do that.
That's the plan and what we've suggested, and we're even wanting to help with designing a robot that can go down into these tunnels to film and take samples.
I understand that your organization is called Noah's Ark Scans, which probably answers my next question for me.
But in your heart of hearts, based upon all the time and all the effort that you have put into this, do you truly believe that you have found Noah's Ark?
Yes, I do believe that this is the real decayed, buried remains of Noah's Ark, the famous ship.
We're doing our best to convince the skeptics and show the world this site.
Isn't that pretty cool?
So if they get to go down with a robot, do they find tablets?
Do they find some kind of structure in that dirt with some preserved artifacts and items that have been preserved all these thousands of years?
Wouldn't that be amazing?
I know there's a lot of people; this is what Braden also found, that they believe the Ark of the Covenant is underneath the Dome of the Rock in Jerusalem.
They think the new tech could reveal where the Lost Ark is hidden at last, and it's down underneath the Dome of the Rock.
There's a lot of things taking place with new technological advancements with AI that allow us to see what we couldn't see before.
Isn't that pretty cool?
Wouldn't that be neat though?
I know what I saw; it is like a tomb, and when they dig this thing up, there's going to be some kind of tablets or artifacts in there that will be a shock and awe about the Bible.
Wouldn't that be wonderful if it's about Noah's Ark?
I don't know; I just got excited about it.
I was like, "Lord," because they want to start looking this stuff up.
I was like, "Seriously, that'd be so cool.
" This is what the Lord said: it's going to draw a lot of people to Jesus.
Well, it's right there by Iran and Turkey and all that.
And I was thinking, it's going to shake the Muslims.
I told you, I saw them taking this out and putting it in.
There were so many people that they had to put military around it because they didn't want them bringing this stuff up out of the ground.
I saw military.
So, I don't know, but we pray for these people that they find it all.
It's exciting times, signs of the times in the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ.
Could we be so close to seeing something that cool?
I believe the measurements and everything are perfect.
But just to say, Diana, wow.
Through the scans, what do they have down there?
Maybe they'll find some bones?
Well, we know the animals probably didn't die there, of course.
So, what else could they find?
Then maybe they have the tablets, like I'm saying, some kind of writing.
It was kind of cool; I thought it was cool.
Anything else?
Then you had this guy, RFK, who thinks that AI could cure cancer.
AI RFK Jr.
announces AI will be used to cure cancer by developing personalized treatment for individuals.
I said cancer will be a thing of the past.
They will make a cure for cancer that will be public to get people to embrace AI in the days ahead.
I say, "Yeah, it's a multi-trillion dollar industry, hundreds of billions of dollars for all this stuff.
" But I saw people, because of this cure, saying, "Look, it's helping people.
" And when the mark of the beast comes out, they latch on to it even faster because of the cures that it creates for Alzheimer's, dementia, and maybe even I'm praying for autism, whatever.
But I'm saying look at these things that even they're talking about, because I saw the cure for cancer and the Lord spoke to me specifically that it would be an over-the-counter thing that you could get like a vitamin, and you just take it and it would prevent it and get rid of it.
And so people are saying, "Well, Brandon, that's ivermectin, that's this, that's that.
" No, it was a pill.
It was some kind of something.
So I thought it was interesting.
Here is another thing coming out.
RFK, go ahead.
What's going on with her?
I believe this is it.
Remember the eight young Iranian women?
We prayed over the eight women last night.
And the Lord specifically said, "Bring these women before me to pray for them.
" They were going to execute them.
I told you they were going to hang them all in the square last night.
In my opinion, they were going to murder these people.
President Trump posted it on his Truth Social that that's what they were going to do.
They were going to hang them.
Today he posted that Iran's going to release four of them and the other four are going to be in prison for one month, and then they will release the other four.
Prayer works.
Isn't that wonderful?
So we'll continue to pray that they don't go back on what they said.
Four are going to be released now, and the other four women are going to be in prison for one month to serve their sentence, and then they'll release them.
That's a lot better than death.
One month in prison versus killing you?
These people are crazy.
They're nuts.
It's like, "Okay, well, we'll just give you a slap on the wrist versus hanging you.
" Yeah, that sounds a lot better.
Seriously.
Good Lord.
Father, we thank you, Lord, that you're dealing with this and that this behavior stops.
That the radical Islamic regime will be dealt with in the name of Jesus.
You said you would harden Pharaoh's heart and that they would be dealt with.
The blood of the innocent cries out from their grave.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that justice will be brought about for the lives that were lost.
Ruthless murders; this will not go unpunished, Father.
This will be dealt with sooner than later.
We call it done in the name of Jesus.
And we thank you, Lord, that you spared those young women, that you spared their lives.
I'm so grateful that you worked on the hearts of those individuals and that they will live and not die.
We thank you, Lord, that four are going to be released and the others just go through this for a month, and we thank you that they follow through with what they said they would do in the name of Jesus.
And we thank you, Lord, that you spared him last night, that President Trump had a say and that we had him in power.
If Joe Biden would have been there, who knows what would have happened?
They would probably have been dead today.
But God, your hand was on this, and I'm so grateful that you spared these young women.
Make them a light for the gospel in these last days in Jesus' name, that you had mercy on them.
Amen and amen.
Okay, go ahead.
Anything else?
Yeah.
Okay.
Well, what is all that you have?
Show it.
It's good if you don't have it, son.
What is this?
Taking the feed.
Okay.
What about the mole?
You said, 'Daddy, there's a mole,' as I was saying.
Okay, let's see about that.
The mole that I told you, there's a mole.
What does he look like?
I want to look at this guy to see if he looks like the one I told you.
He's in the Pentagon.
Another breaking story tonight: a shakeup at the Pentagon.
Another one—the Navy Secretary departing his post.
What do we know?
Yeah, the Pentagon spokesman just announced Navy Secretary John Phelan is departing the administration effective immediately, saying, 'We wish him well in his future endeavors.
' It was not immediately clear from this post if he resigned or was fired, but Fox News has learned in the last few moments that he was fired.
He had a very close relationship, apparently, with Donald Trump Jr.
and just hosted a bridal shower for his fiancée this past weekend in Palm Beach.
Phelan was confirmed by the Senate just over a year ago.
Under Secretary Hung Cao is to assume the role of acting secretary.
This marks the 34th military officer that Secretary Hegseth has fired since taking over the agency.
Brad?
Yeah, John Phelan at Navy Secretary there, and we'll try to get some more details.
Jackie, thank you.
Another breaking story tonight—that wasn't about a mole, was it?
No, he got fired.
Yeah, he was the Navy Secretary, but there was something about a mole.
Yeah, this is 'Escorted out of the Pentagon and placed on administrative leave.
' Can you read that?
Breaking: US nuclear chief Andrew Hugg was escorted out of the Pentagon and placed on administrative leave.
Andrew Hugg, chief of chemical nuclear security for the US Army, was caught on undercover video spilling sensitive national security information to a woman he met at a restaurant.
The Army has launched an investigation.
So, is that the same guy?
Yeah.
Interesting.
Well, we keep praying for the moles to be uncovered.
We've seen a bunch of them.
That's not the one I saw.
He doesn't have enough stuff on him; he had a lot of badges.
The one I saw looked like he had colors all over him.
All right, we're done.
Yeah, if you want to do this.
Oh, yep.
Go ahead.
UFO researcher David Wilcock was found dead at 53 in a suspected suicide.
Okay, so what's interesting about this man is he made a video a couple of months prior saying that he was not suicidal, that he was in fear for his life.
And he said, 'I am not—I want to let everybody know I am not suicidal if anything happens to me.
' And he made a video about it.
And Braden, he said, like David Wilcock previously, 'I plan on living, not suicidal at all, just concerned about what happens when you prove God is real.
' So he wanted everybody to know he didn't have mental problems.
And then now he supposedly offed himself.
Why?
But he wanted everybody to know, just not too far from now, that he didn't have an alien.
So I don't know.
It's kind of interesting.
Another researcher concerning UFOs just disappears.
How many scientists have disappeared in the last four or five months?
There's a lot of them.
And even Paul Begley was talking about how many people have all of a sudden disappeared or gone that had huge top security clearance, that had top-secret information, that were scientists and knew stuff that they didn't want out, and all of a sudden they're gone.
They're like, 'Boop,' they're gone.
And it's happened a lot.
Does anybody know how many people it's been?
I think over seven now in the last couple of weeks.
Like, where are all these people disappearing to?
Why are they getting rid of them?
What do they know?
'We don't want you talking about what we know.
' Well, what a better way to make them be quiet, huh?
It's very sad.
It's corruption at its top.
What is it that they're so scared of?
What do they see?
And it's interesting to me, all these major people with top security clearance just all of a sudden being dealt with.
Why do they—oh, and last night.
Okay, now let's just go to the vision real quick.
How many minutes?
Forty.
Forty minutes.
Yeah.
Wow.
Okay.
Well, we prayed for Perry and that.
Yeah.
Okay.
Last night, I'll just go straight to the vision.
Last night, I saw a stormtrooper.
It looked like something out of Star Wars that had a black circle head, and I couldn't figure out what I was looking at as I was praying into AI, seeing about AI.
All the things that I was seeing last night, I said, 'This thing looks like something off of Star Wars, but his head looks like black onyx.
' Not knowing what I'm looking at, I was looking at this.
Do you see this?
I said, 'I see something coming that will be all over the place.
' I could see it, and I didn't go into great detail about what I was seeing.
They look like Star Wars stormtroopers, and I said his head is a black round skull that looks like black onyx that you lose yourself in.
And I couldn't figure out what I was looking at.
I didn't see 'Tesla' across it.
I just saw a white-looking stormtrooper.
And I said, 'This guy, even his arms, even the way they look—you know how they moved in the movie.
' Yeah, it's how they look, and it's identical to what I saw.
But I did not see 'Tesla' across it.
It was a side profile and it was walking.
And I thought, 'Why stormtroopers in a vision concerning AI?
Why am I seeing stormtroopers?
' I'm thinking Star Wars is getting really real up in here because that's what I was looking at.
And I was trying to tell him, 'I see stormtroopers.
I see this.
' It's not a stormtrooper; it's a robot from Tesla.
Pretty cool, I thought afterwards.
And see how the black head looks like it's onyx?
You lose yourself in it because that's what I was looking at.
You could lose yourself in it; it's so black.
I said, 'It looks like a black hole.
' You can go back and watch it.
' I said, 'I don't know what I'm seeing; it's a black hole with a stormtrooper head, body, and it looks like a black hole.
' It does look like it; you get lost in it.
I thought, because I didn't know what I was looking at.
It's called a Tesla.
So that's what I was seeing last night.
And all of a sudden, I saw the old judge that went home to be—I pray to God she was saved.
I saw her—the woman that was—I'm not going to say she's home with the Lord; I don't know where she went.
I saw her with the Bill of Rights that looked like the Ten Commandments.
They were on some tablets concerning the United States of America.
And Ruth was standing there.
Ginsburg.
Ruth Bader Ginsburg.
Whatever.
She was holding these tablets and they were about to fall out of her hands, and I could see the First Amendment really bold, carved in stone.
But as I was looking at it, I saw Epstein walk right up beside her, and I could see Jeffrey Epstein looking at those tablets, and he was looking at them and he had a smirk on his face.
As she was holding those and they were about to fall out of her fingers.
As I was praying, I saw the rest of the Supreme Court behind her, but she had a doily collar just like she has on right there.
I said, 'You see the doily?
It looks like a doily.
' And it was a doily collar all around her neck, but it was really pretty and it looked pressed.
But she was looking at these tablets and all of a sudden the First Amendment was in bold and a black widow came out of nowhere and started wrapping that with a webbing, like you're eating your prey.
You know how they spin a fly in a web?
They spin it, and that's what they were doing with the First Amendment.
This spider came out of the web and started spinning the First Amendment, wrapping it in a cocoon.
I saw the First Amendment covered in webbing as the spider—a Black Widow—attacked it.
As I saw the spider gazing at the Second Amendment, a thin black line that looked like onyx appeared.
It was a plate of steel—black onyx—that separated the First Amendment from the Second Amendment.
This plate was as thin as this, blocking the spider from getting to the Second Amendment.
The spider was shooting webbing out of its bottom like projectiles, trying to make it stick, but the black line could not be penetrated.
The spider attacked fiercely, scratching and trying to bite, but it couldn't touch the Second Amendment.
The Second Amendment looked old and dirty, covered in dust and cobwebs, but it remained stable because of that black plate.
Meanwhile, the First Amendment was wrapped in a cocoon.
I could see the spider looking toward Canada, Europe, France, Germany, England, and Australia.
The Lord said, 'Your First Amendment rights are in danger from the Supreme Court.
' Concerning AI, He said, 'That which you are trying to embrace, you will eventually push away.
' I saw an overreaching into people's bank accounts through AI.
He said this was going to be more of a curse than a blessing, for this is the beginning of the beast system and an overreach of privacy.
The right to privacy was no more; you no longer had privacy concerning your financial business.
In this new digital age, everyone knew everything about your business.
The Lord said the very things they are pushing for now—things people will try to embrace—they will push away in the days ahead.
People will be angry because it will be pushed upon them by the courts.
I saw the Supreme Court pushing this.
Then I saw the 13th Amendment and the 25th Amendment coming against Trump.
The Lord said, 'Pray for President Trump concerning the 25th Amendment and the 13th.
' The 13th Amendment officially abolished slavery and involuntary servitude.
This is a type and shadow of financial slavery.
We are becoming slaves to the financial system and losing our freedoms.
The mark of the beast is a slavery system where you have no freedom.
He said, 'Watch the first, the second, and the 13th Amendments.
' Your financial freedom will be seized.
That which you try to embrace, like crypto and all that is about to happen, people will want to push away and it will be too late.
You will lose your freedom.
The Lord said, 'This is a trap.
' I had been praying for the wealth of the sinner to be laid up for the righteous, but I saw that the outcome is the beast system.
You'll ride the wave of it, but He is warning about something bigger: you're about to lose your freedom.
Then I saw Mandabi being very rebellious and defiant behind a desk, being polished to speak louder for the Democrats.
His voice became magnified like a loudspeaker.
I saw him take the Empire State Building and light it up with the Palestinian flag.
A demon's face with huge eyes appeared on the building.
It was green, white, and black, and I saw black fluid running down its face.
It looked related to Iran or Palestine—something to do with the Islamic flag.
This was all happening because of him.
It looked similar to the Mexican flag, but it was striped.
That's part of what I was seeing last night as I was praying.
I saw a new industrial revolution and a great shaking of our nation with a storm.
Niagara Falls was full of debris, trash, and dirty water, looking like a flooded dump with bicycle parts and tennis rackets floating down.
The Lord said the right to freedom of speech will be tested greatly across Britain, Canada, Australia, France, Germany, and Italy.
I thought it was very interesting and wanted to bring it to you so you could keep it in your records.
And the Lord said, "You'll see Mamdani these things, and it will be all over the news, and there will be not much outcry against it.
There'll be not much outcry against this when he puts this image on the Empire State Building.
" He said, "You're not going to see much outcry.
It will show the heart around where New York is, as I saw a storm.
" He says, "So freely you lose the first.
So freely you will lose the First Amendment.
" That's it—it was something like that.
But it strips away your freedom.
He goes, "As you lose your first, it will strip you of the rest.
You won't embrace the first as much as you would try to embrace the second.
'You're not taking away my guns.
You're not touching this,' but you'll lose the first.
" But he said, "This is more important than the second.
" That's it.
He said, "The First Amendment is more important than the Second Amendment.
" And most Americans would go, "Well, I'm, you know...
" but I saw a great outcry: "You don't touch our guns.
" But the problem was, he said, "This is more important than that because you won't be able to say what you want to say.
" And I saw the Supreme Court making decisions in the day ahead.
And I saw the dates.
I could see the pressure coming against—I saw 2028 again, very strong.
I saw 2028 again, very strong things happening in Europe.
Things happening—and this is concerning what we say against the election coming up and things coming up on even this platform and a lot of other platforms.
The Lord said, "Remember I told you to pray that this is major around 2028, for the election is 2028.
" What is being said, as France's election is in 2027.
We've got major elections in major countries coming in the next two years, even with Israel and some of these others.
And you're going to see major suppression.
"Don't you dare say that.
" Fact-checker—and they're going to squash you, and if you say a certain thing, it's going to be persecution for it.
The Lord said, "Stand strong, church.
Stand strong.
Say what you need to say, whether it's behind the pulpit, hate crime, whatever.
" So it wasn't an exciting word, but it was a word that was necessary, and so that's what we saw.
So there you go.
How long was that?
I gave probably way too long of an hour.
It's always about an hour.
There you go.
You did it.
That's it.
But that's not the right devil.
They're trying to make it look happy.
That is not a happy demon.
There are no happy demons.
This is the way it looked.
And they were celebrating this in the days ahead in New York.
And that demon didn't look like a girl.
That's what it looked like in the vision.
See?
So now you'll see that on the news soon.
I'm telling you, it's coming.
I saw it.
And the Lord said, "You're going to see this on the news.
" And he said he will do it.
This man will do this in defiance.
So, Father, we thank you, Lord, for your body.
Now we're going to pray.
Okay.
So we're going to pray over our nation.
We're going to pray over what we've seen.
And if the Lord wants to show us anything else, we are always yielded.
We're always letting the Holy Spirit flow.
I thought the robot thing was pretty cool that you found that, saying it is not a Stormtrooper; it is a Tesla.
A lot of times I don't know what I'm looking at; I know the Lord's just showing me something I've got to tell you.
So, Father, we just thank you for your body.
We thank you, Lord, for this time of prayer tonight.
And we thank you, Lord, that we are uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
We're so grateful, Father, that you call us your children.
We're so grateful, Father, that we call you our Father.
Father, you didn't look at us and say, "Man, they're a lost cause.
" You said, "I see the potential in them.
I see beyond.
I can see their future, and I can see that I can turn their mess into a message.
" And I'm so thankful, Father, that you look at us.
You didn't have to.
Back when Adam and Eve messed up, you could have said, "Lord, I'm starting over.
" But Lord, you did it because you loved us.
And I'm so thankful, Father, that you love me.
I'm so thankful, Father, you love Diana, my children.
You love us.
You love the people on the other side of this camera.
You loved us enough that you gave your life for us.
You died for every single one of us, that none of us should perish but all come to repentance.
You paid the price, the ultimate sacrifice.
You gave us your life that we may live.
And I'm so grateful, Father, that we don't have to sacrifice bulls and goats and sheep anymore; that you were a lamb, a lamb slain for everyone, and you took it all for every single one of us.
And you said, "It is finished.
I took it all.
" He defeated death, hell, and the grave.
He ripped the veil in the Holy of Holies.
He did it all for us that we could be wall-to-wall Holy Spirit.
Isn't that amazing?
Jesus Christ no longer dwells on the outside, but he dwells on the inside of us.
We're wall-to-wall Holy Ghost.
He is all inside of us, and he is my friend, and he dwells dwells in me, and I can hear his voice anytime, anywhere.
No matter where I'm at, I can just get still and say, "Holy Spirit," and he says, "I'm here.
I'm your friend.
" He's an ever-present help in a time of need.
He's that still small voice inside of you.
He's dwelling on the inside.
Oh, Father, I thank you, Lord, for my wife.
Oh, Lord, we pray for healing for Diana.
We pray for healing, and by his stripes we're healed.
The moment we ask, the moment we believe, we receive as believing believers.
Healing and wholeness and wellness belong to us.
The moment we activate our faith in believing that we have it, we're fully persuaded.
I'm fully persuaded that I once was lost, but now I'm found.
I was blind, but now I see.
Every single one of us has that testimony tonight as a believing believer.
But we also have the body that he took it all for us.
And we have that to be able to say, "Father, I believe that by your stripes I am healed.
" And we take that in the name of Jesus.
Thank you, Lord.
Lord, we take the blood and we make much of the blood, and the blood makes much of us.
It never loses its power.
Father, I thank you, Lord.
No hexes, no vexes, no incantations, no voodoo, no satanic anything comes nigh us.
Every tongue that rises against us, we condemn it.
We pray for those who despitefully use us and come against us; we forgive them.
We forgive them, Father.
We love you, God.
And Father, we don't take account of a suffered wrong.
No matter how much they do or what they say or how they treat us, Father, we act in love because God is love and faith works by love.
And regardless of what we're—we're not moved by what we see, we're not moved by what we feel.
We're moved by what the word of God says.
And we thank you, Father, for 1 Corinthians 13.
Father, we thank you, Lord, for love.
Love is patient; love is kind.
We're so thankful for love that you love.
For God so loved the world that he gave.
I'm a whosoever.
And I believe tonight, Father, that we walk in that victory in the name of Jesus, and we have authority over the devil, and we plead the blood, and we hear your voice, and a stranger's voice we will not follow.
Thank you, Lord, for every single person here tonight, that they have the ability to hear the voice of the Lord.
For those that are led by the spirit of God are the sons of God and daughters of God.
I truly believe, and that's what the Bible says: every believer has the ability to hear the voice of the Father.
You don't need a prophetic voice leading you.
You have the same Holy Spirit that dwells in the prophet inside of you.
Yes, there are giftings of the prophetic, but you have the ability to hear God for yourself.
I believe He dwells in you richly by faith.
Yes, there are giftings, and God talks to the prophetic, and we can see, but God has given every believer the ability to hear Him.
Thank You, Lord.
You didn't leave us defenseless; You gave us Your blood.
You gave us the Word, the sword of the Spirit, and the shield of faith that quenches all the fiery darts of the wicked.
We could have been defenseless.
There's no armor for the backside; it's always to take charge and to take dominion and authority.
We're not defeated; we're overcomers by the blood of the Lamb and by the word of our testimony.
We take this blood right now, and we thank You, Father, that You took it all for us.
You healed every wound, everything about us, in Jesus' name.
Even our mental health.
He took that crown of thorns on His head and all that torment that He went through.
We don't have to be mentally tormented.
2 Timothy 1:7 says, "God has not given us a spirit of fear, but of power and of love and of a well-balanced mind.
" I believe that tonight you have a well-balanced mind.
Jesus took it all for you.
You don't have to have PTSD.
You don't have to have sickness and disease in your body or that mental torment—laying in bed at night with the what-ifs of life, thoughts rolling around in your head.
We take captive our thoughts.
We use the Word of God.
You get the Word of God inside of you, and it will change you from the inside out.
You'll know the truth, and the truth will set you free.
No psychiatrist, no ChatGPT or whatever trying to counsel people.
The only thing that's ever going to stick and work in your life is the Word of God.
The Word of God will change you from the inside out, but you have to understand who you are and read that Bible every single day.
Father, we take the blood, and we're so grateful for all that You've done; it never loses its power.
We plead the blood of Jesus, and we thank You, Lord.
Amen and amen.
Great is Thy faithfulness.
Morning by morning, new mercies I see.
All I have needed, Thy hands have provided.
Great is Thy faithfulness, Lord, unto me.
Thank You, Father, that Your faithfulness has overtaken us.
Surely goodness and mercy follow us, Father.
We're so grateful for all that You have done for us.
Oh God my Father, there is no shadow of turning with Thee.
Thou changest not, Thy compassions, they fail not; as Thou hast been, Thou forever wilt be.
Great is Thy faithfulness.
Morning by morning, new mercies I see.
All I have needed, Thy hands have provided.
Great is Thy faithfulness, Lord, unto me.
Father, we're so grateful.
We jump right in that river tonight and thank You, Lord, that we find what is on Your heart.
We can go down so many different rabbit trails because of what our flesh thinks we should pray, but I thank You that the Holy Spirit prays through us and we just yield to You.
Great is Your faithfulness to us.
A lot of people always ask me, "Brandon, what are you doing when you get quiet?
" I'm scanning.
I scan my heart and I'm listening for Him.
I'm praying silently.
Is it the President tonight?
Do You want me to pray over the President?
Do You want me to pray over Cuba?
Do You want me to pray over people's health?
Because last night when I started praying, I had no idea about the people who are brokenhearted.
51% of over 50,000 people said they'll never go back to church.
They're hurt and don't want anything to do with it.
We're talking over twenty-some thousand people just in that little bit of time.
The poll that Braden's been doing shows where the church is.
It said many will be offended in the last days; that offense is rising up so much in people's hearts that they don't go to church anymore.
So the Lord said, "Pray for this.
" When I saw the heart and it was split, the Lord said, "I'm filling it with liquid love.
" I didn't know what I was supposed to be praying for last night.
I was going to pray for President Trump and the decision he is making today, and the Lord said, "Am I leading or are you?
" I sat there quietly and said, "You are, for sure.
" He said, "Do I know more than you?
Yes.
So don't buck what I'm trying to do here.
Flow.
" I thought we should pray for the war, and He's like, "I know more.
" There are thousands who say, "I'm wounded by the church.
" The Lord said, "I want you to deal with that hurt inside of so many of these people who have never stepped foot back into a church after the pastor or Sister Clipboard or whoever it was upset them.
" Maybe a pastor upset you as a teenager, or a girlfriend or boyfriend broke up with you, and you're just hurt.
The Lord wants to deal with that hurt and wants you to come up higher.
It's by faith.
People are just people; they mess up, and we hold them to such a high standard.
Remember what John Bevere said about holding people to such a high standard, especially people in leadership.
They're able to hurt us more because we hold them to such high standards versus a waitress at a restaurant.
If it was anybody else, you'd already forget about it, but you hold them and feel wounded.
You put people on a pedestal, and the Lord warned us that in these last days it would happen.
Father, we just thank You that we forgive those who hurt us.
We thank You, Lord, that these people will go back to church, and when they go, they get a fresh touch from You.
I've got direction.
I don't want to move without Him.
I'm in the Oval Office.
We pray over President Trump and the decisions.
I see this white line; it's making his hair glow.
And I see a white dove falling down on him.
I see a white dove, the Holy Ghost and fire.
This is Holy Ghost and fire.
Hallelujah.
There's an olive branch of peace inside of this dove's mouth.
I see an olive branch and it's full of it.
A light is going to shine on him today as you lift him up.
As you lift him up, we pray for the heart of the president.
We pray for his spiritual well-being.
We pray for his heart that he finds you.
So what we're going to do, we're going to pray for a revival inside of him, a stirring of the Holy Ghost and fire inside of our president.
He needs to be refreshed and to have an encounter with the Lord.
He has a saving knowledge, but now it's time to take it a step further.
And I see a white glowing and I see his suit—his blue suit comes full of light.
His tie starts to glow.
A dove is up there.
And I saw an olive branch in the dove's mouth.
Why would that be?
Was the olive branch representing a dove's mouth?
I know it says the flood's over, but there's something about this dove flapping his wings over the president.
I believe a Holy Ghost and fire hitting him; that's a representation a lot of times of the Holy Spirit.
And there's church bells that are ringing by the dove.
Two of them.
Two massive church bells that look like Notre Dame.
They're brass.
They're shiny.
And the bells are ringing across the land and he's calling the people back to church again.
I see the church bell ringing, giving one more chance across the land.
We call the president stirred in Jesus' name.
Stir him up, Lord.
Father, we call him stirred in the name of Jesus.
Give him strength, Lord, to finish the job.
We take authority over the Jezebel spirit that's trying to take down our nation.
We come against this in the name of Jesus.
There's a fire on him.
There's a Holy Ghost and fire at his desk.
He's at the Resolute Desk.
I see him.
He's all alone.
He's bowed down, and I see a Holy Ghost and fire coming on him.
I see a light coming on him.
I see a stirring in him.
Oh, we thank you, Lord.
We take authority over that spirit of pride.
You will not take our president in the name of Jesus.
We tell you to bow your knee in the name of Jesus.
We call for a humbling of him as he humbles himself before you.
Just like he was praying before and he read the scriptures: 'If my people who are called by my name will humble themselves.
' We humble ourselves before you, Father.
You said, 'If we would turn away from our wicked ways,' then, Father, we thank you, Lord, that we repent and we turn away from the wicked ways.
Then you said we would hear from heaven and you would heal our land.
We thank you, Lord, that you're going to heal the land.
We call revival once again.
I see the church bells ringing throughout all the land.
They're ringing throughout Mexico, South America, Cuba.
A major revival.
The bells are ringing in Cuba, Venezuela, and Manaus.
I'm calling them in.
Oh Father, all throughout Colombia, Argentina, we're calling in all the lost.
We're calling in the unsaved.
Manaus in Brazil, we're calling them in for Brazil, in Guatemala.
We're calling them in all throughout South Korea and North Korea.
We're calling them in across the land in Jesus' name—the unsaved, for a saving knowledge of the Lord Jesus.
A major move of revival, a glorious move of revival moving all throughout New Zealand.
And Taiwan will be born again.
We're calling them in all throughout Canada today, coast to coast today.
We call it in.
We're calling in the lost.
We say, 'Satan, get your hands off of their eyes.
' Able to see.
For Satan has blinded the eyes of the unbeliever.
We say they're able to see.
Angels, aid and assistance over thee.
The glory is coming.
I see the glory.
I see the church bells ringing.
But what's cool is they're in the Oval Office.
I see the Oval Office and I see the church bells ringing.
Is there something supernatural that's going on with President Trump?
What the devil meant for bad, God's turning it right now.
God's turning it.
A new wind in our sails.
A new wind in the ministers' sails.
We pray a new wind in John Kilpatrick's sails.
We pray a new wind in their sails.
Right now, these elder men, we call a wind in their sails once again.
Yeah, Lord.
He said he's going to lengthen the day.
Like Joshua, I see the longer day.
It's like the sun is moving back, but I'm giving you a longer day.
He wants to bring in the harvest.
You can see where it was at noon; it's moving back.
He said, 'Ask me for them.
In the realm of faith, in that place in the spirit realm, ask me for it.
What do you believe me for?
Stretch forth and believe me for more.
' I hear the Lord say, 'You need to stretch yourself to believe me for more.
You're believing too small in these last days.
I am exceedingly abundantly above all that you dare ask or think.
' Believe me for more.
Don't settle for anything.
Believe him for exceedingly abundantly above all that you ask or think.
I'm not staying at this mealy-mouthed level.
I'm coming up higher.
I can have everything my heart desires.
He gives me my heart's desire: abundance of everything.
I have health, prosperity, what I need to get the gospel out, healing over your mind, healing over your body, deliverance over you, your marriage coming stronger, debt-free in Jesus' name.
The fire, the fire.
Ask me for it.
What are you able to see?
Get a vision of it.
I see the cloud.
I see abundance.
I hear the sound of an abundance of rain over the land.
I call in rain in the name of Jesus across this land.
I take authority over drought over Oklahoma, Texas, Kansas, Missouri, Alabama, Mississippi, Tennessee, North Carolina, and Georgia.
In Florida, we call in the rain.
In Kentucky, we call in the rain.
Oh Father, over California today, we call in the rain.
I hear the sound of an abundance of rain.
I see Australia today.
We're calling in the rain.
We call a turn in Minnesota over Mike Lindell.
Give him strength.
I see a breakthrough.
Mike Lindell, you've got breakthrough.
Thank you, Lord, for the breakthrough in Mike Lindell.
Thank you, Lord, for the breakthrough.
We thank you, Lord.
I see crops coming up all over Tennessee.
I see the corn coming up all over as we're calling in the rain.
I see spiritual growth coming up all over the land.
I see lots of corn.
I see revival.
I am praying over the military.
I see—is it trying to be a greater war?
It tried to be a greater war.
I see Cuba.
You are moving out of the level of declaration.
The first part was declaring.
Now I am declaring this: as you prophetically declare it, we're calling it in.
This is what we were doing the first time.
Now I'm stepping over into a different realm of this and I'm seeing it.
The Lord said what you are doing firsthand is declaring this; you're calling it forth.
But this is a different prayer.
Now, what He just said: you declare it.
You declare victory.
We've got the victory.
It's a declaration, calling in the revival over these churches.
We're declaring it.
You're calling it in, and the bells are ringing.
But then I stepped over and I see Cuba.
He said this is a different kind of intercession.
I see witchcraft and pride and darkness over it.
He said, 'Deal with it again.
Pray.
Hit it again.
' It's the wave of glory, the wave of His presence coming over Cuba.
Cuba will be saved.
I see the troops.
I see our military.
I see a refiner.
I see the underlying current, these dark lines over our nation that would try to bring forth civil war.
I see what look like black fingers—not African-American, but a dark satanic grip—trying to grab a hold.
We take authority over that in the name of Jesus.
Voter fraud.
We take authority over voter fraud.
We pray over Nick Shirley and the voter fraud.
Pray over me in Atlanta, Georgia.
In the days ahead concerning voter fraud, I'm telling you ahead of time: take authority over voter fraud all over Atlanta and the counties.
It is too big to rig.
Keep calling that over America: 'too big to rig.
' It's coming.
In the primaries, it's 'too big to rig.
' We call it down in Jesus' name to stop the wrong contestant from getting in.
You say, 'This is who God wants in it.
' It's 'too big to rig' across the land.
It's about 'too big to rig' in Minnesota.
They're trying to keep the weaker contestant in.
This is very serious.
I'm looking very deep into it, and it's very vibrant and colorful.
Praying over the primary, whenever you decide who's going to be the Republican nomination: 'too big to rig.
' They want the weaker one to go against the stronger Democrat.
Do you see?
It's rigged for having the stronger contestant versus the weaker one, knowing they can beat that one, but it's 'too big to rig.
' That's what I'm seeing across the nation.
Specifically, I see Minnesota and Atlanta.
I see Florida—not so much Florida, only a couple of counties over here near the Mar-a-Lago area.
It's just slight right here in Miami.
Now I'm being taken and I can see California is highlighted: 'too big to rig.
' We thank you, Father.
We thank you, Lord.
All hidden things be revealed in Oklahoma and Texas.
We'll not lose our elections to cheaters.
Thank you, Father, that the church wakes up and gets out and votes.
Thank you, Father, that the people rise up in their districts, in their counties, and in their towns.
I see a discouragement concerning the support for Trump, concerning the church base.
You know how when you let a balloon out and it was really full?
What was a full balloon is not even half-full now.
Trump has let this balloon go, and it's lost form.
It doesn't even look like a full, round balloon anymore.
It looks like something that is about to completely lose steam.
It barely has shape up here, but down here it's all twisted and mangled.
You've lost your base.
You're losing your air.
I see the boomers, the elders like my mom and dad's age, people who are discouraged with what they've seen over the last two years.
The backbone is not the younger generation; it's the boomer generation.
There's a discouragement in the working class concerning gas prices, food prices, inflation, and the housing market.
I'm hearing that retirement is a major thing; their 401ks have taken a big hit and people are discouraged.
I see the home base, the backers of America, the boomers—the generation before Gen X and the younger ones.
The Lord said you're praying for a turnaround.
I see them not even getting out to vote.
There's no rally or war cry anymore.
They're saying, 'What good does it do?
' I hear that from blue-collar workers.
They're discouraged even with Pam Bondi and the Epstein list.
They're upset about the Epstein list; nothing has been done.
The heartbeat is justice concerning the Epstein list.
They're asking, 'What have you done with the Epstein list?
' You say, 'What have you done?
,' and there's a fracture.
I see a glass that's fractured.
It's broken glass across the land.
I'm talking about the average blue-collar workers, and this is why they lose control.
You'll see it's about the Senate and the House.
They are very discouraged across the land.
I see the pulse; they're upset about this corruption.
I see factory workers in Missouri and layoffs coming—big factory layoffs.
Something is wrong.
We pray that it's not too little, too late.
I hear 'too little, too late' as Trump's approval rating goes down to 25%.
You hear me?
I see Trump.
I see a scale, and I saw that this is where he won.
It's red, but there's a needle on this scale that looks like a pie graph.
It shows a 25% nationwide approval rating.
I see the timeframe—a rally cry—trying to—I see Jerome Powell leaving.
I see interest rates.
I see an end to deferment.
I see a piggy bank, a big pink piggy bank with a dollar sign on it.
And I see a hammer breaking the piggy bank.
I see this piggy bank with a split right down the middle, and the dollar in the middle looks like it was hit with a hammer and split.
I hear repossessions, foreclosures, and defaults.
Default on your loan.
The dollar, the repos.
I see stimulus checks, like there were when Trump was in office during COVID.
I see stimulus checks in the economy—money for you and your kids.
Stimulus checks to stimulate the economy, kind of like Cash for Clunkers.
Remember Cash for Clunkers?
I see a double-dip, trying to stimulate the economy with checks.
This is big talk in the summer months—a stimulation trying to win back the hearts of the people, to give hope.
I hear 'stimulate,' and I see the new guy trying to bring rates down to 2.
25%.
It's too broke.
It's too hot.
I hear the words, 'It's too hot.
' And the guy looking at it for the first time, the real books—something in them is too hot.
Twenty-five percent.
It's too top-heavy.
Too little, too late.
That's what I hear: too little, too late.
It's too top-heavy.
And I see the numbers.
I see Trump sweating.
And they're peddling, and you say things out of your mouth that you know—kind of like the Strait is open and it's really closed.
It's open.
Oh, it's open.
And that's what I'm trying to say.
I see it.
It's like the real paper is right in front of you and you see the numbers and what they say, but they say everything is good.
I'm looking into another year and I see that plague again.
I see a virus.
I see the sun going down and then dark in the East.
I see the masks, the hospital, the Red Cross.
I see it all in the East.
I see a virus again, like the Black Plague.
It's right there; I could touch it.
It's a season.
You have time.
I see prayer.
I see enough in the House to save him.
I see a blue Senate by three.
I saw one before; now I see three.
And I see a handful in the House.
Glory to God.
But I see a storm.
Pray for the stirring of him, like the dove with the peace branch in his mouth.
Pray for what's about to happen with Cuba and our troops.
Pray for 'too big to rig.
' I see Jerome gone reluctantly.
I see Bitcoin.
What strange visions, Lord.
I can see from the co, from California all the way to the other side.
Each month is passing before my face: May, June, July, August, September, October, November.
Turbulent in December—it's dark there, concerning the elections.
We must pray for him to win.
Pray for the hearts of these blue-collar workers in these factories.
I see stimulus checks of $2,500.
I don't know if that's for a household or for the election, because it's passing so fast.
But I see that plague, and that's why I'm concerned about the timing.
The Lord already told me it's not 2026, but I see hospital gowns, robes, and masks.
They're going to try to do something stupid again.
It's starting to lift off me now.
Praise the Lord.
We believe there is a revival coming to Australia and across the land.
We pray for America, for President Trump, for our troops.
We pray for our battleships, aircraft carriers, airplanes, and jets.
We're grateful that you're protecting our servicemen and women in the Strait, that no weapon formed against them would prosper.
Father, I thank you for every military base in Iraq and Kuwait.
We cover them in the blood so that no drones or chemical attacks come nigh them.
I thank you for the hedge of protection around them, that they find what's inside those mountains and expose it.
We pray for the hearts of the leaders—the hearts of Pharaoh.
Justice is coming.
A shaking to awaken is coming across this land.
President Trump has a major revival in his heart, same for JD Vance and Marco Rubio.
We pray for protection and wisdom.
We pray for Karoline Leavitt, for her baby and for Usha.
We pray for healthy babies and that the healing power of God flows over our Second Lady.
We pray over their marriages and for a supernatural healing over this nation.
We have a prayer meeting at the end of May.
Revival is spreading throughout the land.
The churches are waking up with a backbone like a crowbar, and we're taking the land for Jesus.
Who is this uncircumcised Philistine that tries to defy the armies of the living God?
We are the Davids of this generation, and we will not stand by idly and allow the devil to wreak havoc across this land.
We pray over our oil wells, our gas wells, and the Gulf.
Father, we thank you, Lord, that over Houston, Louisiana, Tuttle, and all our oil facilities across this land, we say in the name of Jesus: every sabotage, every single plotted, planned scheme against us in any way—against our electric grid, our power grid, our substations, our water stations, our back doors to our communications and our computers—we call any cyberattacks or any kind of Trojan attacks to be uncovered in the name of Jesus.
There are no Red Dawn experiences or any kind of D-Days.
We pray in the name of Jesus that our FBI, our Homeland Security, our NSA, our local sheriff's department, and law enforcement are alert and at a high alertness across this land.
We will not be asleep, but they'll be awake and they'll be attentive and watching for any plots, any plans, any schemes of the wicked.
And we thank you, Lord, that it's all brought into light.
That which is in the darkness, you uncover in the name of Jesus.
Everything the devil has to try to kill, steal, and destroy, we uncover you right now in the name of Jesus.
You will not touch the president, his children, or his grandchildren.
We pray over Don Jr.
, Eric, Tiffany, Ivanka, and Barron.
And we thank you, Lord, that there's a covering over them.
No weapon formed against them would prosper.
We thank you for the First Lady and for the president, over our cabinet and over the people that are leading this nation.
We thank you for supernatural wisdom, Father, that only could come from you.
And we give you all the glory.
Over our pastors, our teachers, our evangelists, and our prophetic voices—that they raise up and they preach repentance and holiness back in the church.
And Father, we will preach it with conviction.
And we will be leaders in this time of darkness.
And we will be the light and the salt in this earth.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you've called us to the kingdom for such a time as this.
And we give you all the glory, honor, and praise, Father, for this time of prayer tonight.
Amen and amen.
I believe we just saw some results.
And we're so grateful for every single one of you that came out tonight and prayed with us.
I didn't go as long as I did last night, but we're still at two hours and 18 minutes.
But I'm so thankful for every single one of you.
And we'll be back again tomorrow.
We'll pray more and we'll keep continuing to lift up our nation.
And we believe that the best is yet to come.
Every single one of you—and many hands make light work.
So, thank you for your time tonight.
We love you.
We bless you in the name of Jesus.
We bless your finances.
And I thank you, Father, for every single one of them, that they're the salty ones.
They don't lose their salt.
That they keep being that light in the darkness.
And Father, we believe we are looking up because we know our redemption draws nigh.
We're keeping our eyes on Jesus.
And we're not moved by what we see.
We're not moved by what we feel.
We're moved by what the word of God says, and we have the victory in Jesus' name.
We love you all.
Remember, see you tomorrow.
Please like, subscribe, and click the notification bell.
Remember, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you.
God bless you and we'll see you again.
Bye-bye.